feat: add tenant root access instructions (#176)
Azure/Azure-Landing-Zones: docs/content/accelerator/1_prerequisites/root-access.md

---
title: Root Access
weight: 200
---

## Root Access Configuration

In order to successfully deploy the Azure Landing Zone using Bicep (AVM), you need to ensure that the account you are using has at least `User Access Administrator` permissions at the root (`/`) level.

Follow the steps below to assign the required permissions:

1. Navigate to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com) and sign in to your tenant.

> 1. You'll need to be in the `Global Administrator` role for the followings steps. If you don't have that role, request it from your Azure AD administrator or PIM elevate to it if you are able to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You'll need to be in the `Global Administrator` role for the followings steps. If you don't have that role, request it from your Entra ID Tenant administrator or PIM elevate to it if you are able to.
```

> 1. Search for `Azure Entra ID` and click to navigate to the Entra ID view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search for `Entra ID` and click to navigate to the Entra ID view.
```
